The Joe Rogan experience. That's always been an, uh,
a motivational thing for me, um,
to try to be honest with the things that
I deal with, the ups and the downs, and, and to, to show my losses,
to show my injuries, to show,
to be vocal about the doubts that I have, that, that I still have,
that I still deal with it. You know, it's,
it's easy to look at these people in the spotlight and be like,
they don't deal with fear. They don't deal with pain.
They don't deal with doubts.
They don't deal with feeling like they're inadequate. Um, yeah,
I think I, I think there was a clip or something you were talking, um, about,
uh, the imposter syndrome and I'm like, yeah,
like it doesn't matter how amazing you seemingly are on the
outside to all of these people. Like we're all just human beings.
We are all just individuals that have made choices and have steered our lives in
certain directions. But,
but it's almost like when you make it to a point it's like, oh,
they don't deal with this anymore. I deal with the exact same fears,
doubts in all of these things that I dealt with day one to this day,
I still deal with them, those same questions.
They've never gone away ever gone away. You know,
you learn how to handle them better and you learn,
you should get strengthened by them, but, but they don't necessarily disappear.
And, and in a lot of times they, they can get worse, um, over the years,
because now you're now you're in a position where you're expected to be a
certain way. People have people have expectations of you, you know, you're,
you're supposed to be this super human being.
Are you supposed to be extremely confident?
Are you supposed to only put on eight plus performances?
And you're not allowed to fail? You're not allowed to be human anymore. And, um,
the, when we can, um,
humanized these things and in,
then it lets people realize that they can do it too. You know,
we're not,
we're not necessarily made up of anything different than anybody else. You know,
we've just gone through a process of learning and developing and diving off of
cliffs that we didn't know where they were going. And that's,
that's what we all have to do. You know, like the people in these spotlights,
they're, they're just human beings. And the more you that you,
you meet them and read about their stories. And, um, you know,
that's why I love with reading autobiographies. Like jeez,
like the things these people have had to overcome, they weren't handed anything.
If more than anything,
it was more devastating and detrimental and they've had overcome more than you
could possibly imagine.
And it wasn't just given to them.
They had to work and strive and struggle and fail,
fail over and over and over and over and over and over and over again
until they got to where they got to instill.
Do they still do they still fail constantly? We all feel constantly.
Well, failure is a.
Gift. Yeah. Once you make that switch, once you understand it,
and like you can view these losses or these things that happen,
or these struggles, as you know, I, I always viewed them as challenges.
I'd be like, are you going to quit? Are you going to give up? I always view,
like when I'm tired in the ring or in, on a, on a workout and be like,
you won't quit. I'm like, you, man. You know, I view that, that, that, that,
that voice in your head, you know, that the, that,
that devil that's looming over your shoulders, like, you're,
you're gonna quit your failure. I'm like, you know what, you. I'm not quitting.
I'm never going to quit. I'm never going to stop.
And there's nothing you can do. So keep talking, but I'm going forward.
Is there a time, will you ever get past that?
And you understand that you're never going to quit and instead just concentrate
on the task at hand, or do you think that, that, that voice,
that you're duking it out with, that you take that to the grave?
You definitely take it to the grave. You,
I think we feel like we get farther away from it and we get stronger and we get
more confident, but it never gets far. You never get farther away from it.
You know, like, like I compare to my alcoholism. It's like,
I could go 10 years without ever drinking again.
But all it takes is one bad day. Yeah.
We are all one bad day of being in the worst situations ever.
And that's why it's so important to, you know,
you look at people on the streets and things like that, but like, you know,
how easy that can happen?
Like how many bad days or bad situations would it take to turn a
successful person into that? Not a lot. Like,
we're all just balancing on this very delicate thing that,
uh, you know, it seems like we're all strong and safe and all this, but like,
well,
when the power goes out and you know that the world's going to go to hell like
that, we just pretend like it's not because that's how we get through the day.
So, but yeah,
like to your point is I don't think we're ever any farther away
from those things that held us back before we get stronger and we learn how to
process them. And we, we,
we understand it more and we understand that the series of things that we need
that will take us down that road or get us farther away from it, but it,
but it's just right there, you know? And, um,
no matter how much we learn and develop,
I think sometimes that makes it even more scarier.
It's like the higher you get the farther you have to fall. Um, and,
and it's the more you can be aware of that, that,
that you're never going to get farther away from it.
You always need to be diligent that you always need to do things that are going
to steer you in a more positive way. Um,
I think that that is like the goal to, to not falling back on that.
I think the worst thing that we can do is have this belief that we're
past it. That's never going to happen again. I'm,
I'm not an alcoholic anymore. I'm not a drug addict anymore.
I'm not depressed anymore. Um, that's, what's, that's,
what's helped me is, is I, I did think I,
one day I would be so far away from it that it would never be a thought anymore,
but, but by knowing that it's always right there,
that keeps me sharp. You know, it's like that, that,
that you need that thing to keep you at your best or else. We start to get lazy.
It's that, that,
that same concept of having people that push you in the gym or in life, or,
or et cetera, if you don't have somebody pushing you,
you can only ever push yourself so hard.
You might think you're pushing yourself really hard,
but you don't really have a basis for where that is. Um, so like for myself,
I always run my sprints on a treadmill because the treadmill doesn't lie.
This is how fast you're going. And this is how long you're doing it.
Now you can go out on the street and say, oh,
I was going as fast as humanly possible.
You're always going to hold yourself back a little bit. You know,
that's just the way we are as human beings, you know, that,
that safety net that we have ingrained in us to not go over that
edge. But if you're not pushing that edge, you're not developing in.
You're always holding yourself back a little bit, a little bit.
And no matter how hard you think you're going,
or how honest do you think you're being,
unless you have somebody that's society,
it's so important to have people in your lives that, that,
that keep you in that sharpened state, you know, that, that, that,
that, uh, that question you, that, uh, that pushed you and, um, you know, like,
like for me, Jean has always been that way for me, that person that, like,
she's not gonna look, look at my, let me. You know, keep me honest, you know,
sometimes to an extreme extent and like, give me a little bit of a break here,
but, you know, it's like that person that, um,
that pushes you and it's uncomfortable to be pushed and you don't want to be
pushed. I want to relax.
I don't want to like sit on the beach and drink beers and do all these things,
but is that going to help me get to a better place in my
life,
a better place that my mind and my heart now that's going to allow me to just
like,
be a lazy piece of and just drift off and die and be no benefit to
myself or anyone else for that matter.
So as uncomfortable as it is to be pushed and as uncomfortable as it is to be
pressured into, to do want to Excel, um,
we all need those things. You either improving your, or you're declining.
And I think that's such an important thing to keep in mind.
Like it's only one of the other, there is no in the middle,
it's like the concept of balance.
You never find a balance because once you find it, you lose it.
You're always jumping on both sides of this line too much,
or too little. You're either going too fast or too slow.
And we're trying to find that perfect balance of everything.
And you never can find it, but knowing that you never can find,
it forces you to be diligent about all these things and to constantly
be trying to find it in the more you try to find that the more you're going to
develop and learn ways that that aren't the right way.
And then finding what, uh, what does work.